Release 2.15.1 (#6970)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.15.1 (2024-05-28)

This release contains performance improvements and bug fixes since
the 2.15.0 release. We recommend that you upgrade at the next

> available opportunity.

Reviewer: Should probably wait for any wording changes by @billy-the-fish

Author: right.

**Bugfixes**

> * #6540 Segmentation fault when backfilling data with COPY into a compressed chunk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6540: Segmentation fault when you backfill data using COPY into a compressed chunk.
```

> * #6858 Before update trigger not working correctly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6858: `BEFORE UPDATE` trigger not working correctly.
```

> * #6908 Fix gapfill with timezone behaviour around dst switches

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6908: Fix `time_bucket_gapfill()` with timezone behaviour around daylight savings time (DST) switches. 
```

> * #6911 Fix dropped chunk metadata removal in update script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6911: Fix dropped chunk metadata removal in the update script.
```

> * #6940 Fix `pg_upgrade` failure by removing `regprocedure` from catalog table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6940: Fix `pg_upgrade` failure by removing `regprocedure` from the catalog table.
```

> * #6957 Fix segfault in UNION queries with ordering on compressed chunks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* #6957: Fix the `segfault` in UNION queries that contain ordering on compressed chunks.
```

**Thanks**

> * @DiAifU, @kiddhombre and @intermittentnrg for reporting issues with gapfill and daylight saving time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @DiAifU, @kiddhombre and @intermittentnrg for reporting the issues with gapfill and daylight saving time.
```
```suggestion
* @DiAifU, @kiddhombre and @intermittentnrg for reporting issues with gapfill and daylight saving time
```

> * @edgarzamora for reporting issue with update triggers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @edgarzamora for reporting the issue with update triggers.
```

> * @hongquan for reporting an issue with the update script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @hongquan for reporting thge issue with the update script.
```

> * @iliastsa and @SystemParadox for reporting an issue with COPY into a compressed chunk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* @iliastsa and @SystemParadox for reporting the issue with COPY into a compressed chunk.
```
